They say,
joy comes after suffering.
O Allah.
Why have you given me a trial
greater than I can bear?
Why, Allah?
Why?
I seek forgiveness from Allah.
Miss, don't do it!
Come on.
What's the matter?
It's nothing, Mom.
Just a slight headache.
And feeling nauseous.
I guess I'm just tired.
Since when?
It's been a few days.
Maybe you're pregnant.
How about a pregnancy test?
I'll go with you tomorrow.
Amira.
Don't lose hope.
Maybe it's happening.
If you're not,
well…
keep trying.
Don't give up.
And pray.
I always pray, Mom.
It just hasn't happened yet.
-Don't doubt Allah's plan.
-I don't.
Go to Baitullah.
Let's go.
Let's visit Baitullah.
At the Kaaba, every prayer is granted.
I miss Baitullah.
I wish to go back there.
You have to get better then,
so we can go there together.
Amen.
Speaking of Baitullah, I just remembered,
can you please look for my umrah sandals?
-The ones we used to visit the grave?
-Yeah.
-I think I left them at your place.
-Okay.
I'll check. I should get going, Mom.
Okay.
Stop by again tomorrow.
We'll go see the doctor together.
Peace be upon you.
And upon you peace.
-Peace be upon you.
-And upon you peace, honey.
You're still awake?
How can I sleep when you're not home yet?
-You must be so tired.
-Exhausted.
The project in Bogor
was supposed to finish next week,
but it's likely delayed.
The Serpong one has started,
but the client keeps requesting changes.
I thought the one in Serpong
is still under negotiation.
It's started,
but too many people are involved,
everyone wants something different.
Honey,
I hope everything goes well.
May Allah help you.
Amen.
I'm going to shower. I'm beat.
Honey…
When are we seeing the doctor?
We can arrange it later.
I need to shower first.
Honey.
Breakfast is almost ready.
Don't worry. I'm leaving in a bit.
Okay.
Honey.
Whose is this?
Oh, my. That's Farida's.
I didn't tell you?
She wants to start
an online underwear business.
That's probably from yesterday,
when I helped her look for samples.
Yesterday?
You said you were in Bogor
and Serpong yesterday.
Darling…
Farida is my sister.
I will always find time to help her,
no matter what.
Don't you believe me?
Go ahead and call Farida.
Here.
No, I don't want to.
Darling,
isn't this normal?
You always find time for Farida too,
when she needs your help.
Come on.
Don't jump to conclusions.
My keys?
Take care.
-Peace be upon you.
-And upon you peace.
Icha!
Amira.
-What is it?
-It's Pram.
Pram has been acting strange lately.
He's always working late.
He says he's only catching up on emails,
but he stays up until 4:00 a.m.
And whenever I ask,
his answers are never consistent.
These days, it feels like
he's just pretending to care.
He's insincere.
Excuse me.
Amira,
you're a kind soul.
I know you don't want to think ill of him.
But if Allah has given you signs,
the best thing to do is to find out
whether they're true or not.
I'm so scared, Cha.
Mir, you know I've been there myself.
I'm sure you can handle it.
Okay?
-Good morning, Mrs. Amira.
-Morning.
-Is my husband here?
-He came by earlier.
But he has a meeting outside.
Where?
I'm not sure. He didn't say.
Ms. Sulis, you know about our project
in Emerald Residence?
I'm sorry, which one? I haven't heard.
MOM: Where are you, dear?
Join me for lunch.
-Okay, thanks.
-No problem.
Oh, my God.
Amira.
This is the project you've been busy with?
It's not like that.
I can explain.
I seek forgiveness from Allah.
Amira, I can explain.
-I seek forgiveness from Allah.
-Listen to me.
I seek forgiveness.
It's not like that.
You have a wife.
-Honey. I seek forgiveness.
-I can explain.
I don't want to hear it.
There's a reason for this.
How could you use Farida as an excuse?
Amira, listen to me!
-I don't want to hear it!
-I can explain!
I don't want your explanation!
I've seen enough.
You sinned. You both have sinned!
Wait.
Babe.
Listen to me.
You've hurt me.
I…
want to have children.
And you can't give me that.
This is not the way!
NURSE ANI
Hello, Nurse?
Hello? Where are you, Mrs. Amira?
Your mother has passed away.
You need to get here.
She's gone.
Do you think
there's still hope for our marriage?
I'm pregnant.
The one you said couldn't give you a child
is now carrying your baby.
I want you to take responsibility.
Will you choose me, your legal wife
who's carrying your child,
or the woman who made you
commit that grave sin?
Cintia.
Her name is Cintia.
I don't care what her name is.
She's pregnant too.
She's pregnant?
But I'm pregnant.
I'm sorry, Amira.
I'm carrying your child too.
I'm pregnant too.
She's lying.
There's no way she's pregnant.
You believe her?
Since when has she been here?
I'm sorry.
But she needs a comfortable place to live.
Don't listen to her, babe.
She's just trying to get your attention.
Using someone else's test pack
and claiming it's hers.
Isn't that right?
How dare you say that?
Isn't it enough that you took my husband?
I am pregnant too!
-You're infertile.
-I'm his legal wife!
-I'm his wife too!
-Stop it.
-I'm his rightful wife!
-Cut it out.
-Who are you?
-Amira.
Stop it! Please listen to me!
We can all live together.
I beg you.
I can be fair, I promise.
God.
God…
Listen to me.
I know you're upset, but please…
Amira.
Please. Think it over.
You didn't even think!
Why are you telling me to think?
Well, I…
Did you think
when you brought that woman here?
Did you think about my feelings?
Okay! So what do you want now?
If that's all you can offer,
I can't do this.
I want a divorce.
Oh, my God.
Help.
Ma'am?
Can you hear me?
Ma'am.
I'm so sorry,
but you've just had a miscarriage.
We have to perform
a dilation and curettage.
Are there any family members
we can contact?
O Allah.
Why have you given me a trial
greater than I can bear?
Why, Allah?
Why?
I seek forgiveness from Allah.
Miss, don't do it!
Everyone in heaven and earth ask him
Every day he is bringing about
A matter of concern
So which of the favors of your Lord
Would you deny?
We will attend to you, O prominent beings
So which of the favors of your Lord
Would you deny?
Allah has spoken the truth.
Amira. Thank God.
Allah took everything from me.
Hey, Amira.
You shouldn't say that.
Everything.
No.
Amira.
Maybe this is Allah's way
of protecting you.
He loves you.
Did you see the person who rescued me?
Yesterday, I called you like crazy.
Then he picked up.
I was in such a panic, I came right over.
When I arrived, he was gone.
But the nurse
said he left something for you.
It's from the person who rescued you.
YOU'RE STILL ALIVE.
ALLAH WANTS YOU TO KEEP GOING.
O Allah.
What is the meaning behind all this?
Please guide me.
Please grant me strength.
And make me ever thankful.
Please help me.
Peace be upon you, Ustadzah.
-And upon you peace.
I'm Amira.
How do we forgive someone
who has wronged us,
and how can we let go
of the past?
That's my question.
Thank you.
When we're hurt and feel wronged,
and we wish to rise again,
be among the muhsinin.
They are those who act with kindness
in the eyes of Allah,
by forgiving others
and making peace
with everything that happened.
And I believe you can do it.
You are strong.
I know you are patient and strong
in the face of every obstacle.
And may all of us strive
to endure with patience.
Thank you, Ustadzah.
Thank you to everyone
who is supporting Ms. Amira.
As we come to the end of the event,
let's take a moment to reflect,
led by Miss Asma Nadia.
Please.
In the name of Allah, the Most Gracious.
Everyone,
let's submit our hearts
and raise our hands.
O Allah, the Most Merciful.
We come before you
carrying all our struggles,
our sorrow,
our inner pain,
every tear we've cried in despair.
We beg you, O Allah,
we ask you to heal us.
We want to heal, O Allah.
Help us heal.
Thank you for bringing me here.
You're welcome.
I'm really happy.
We all need a place to open up like this.
Everyone here is willing to listen.
Mir, this place is literally,
"We listen, we don't judge."
This place helped me heal
and gave me strength to start over.
I'm hooked.
Want to come again?
-Yeah.
-Really?
I really enjoyed it.
That's good to hear.
Peace be upon you.
And upon you peace.
Hello, nice to meet you, Amira. I'm Amel.
I'm Amira Khadijah.
You asked a great question.
I hope the session was helpful.
Bring Amira
for the next gathering too, Icha.
Of course. She wants to come again.
I'm hooked.
Icha.
I think I know what we should do.
Sell prayer mats?
Was that an inside joke?
Fill me in! Let me join too.
The event will have more
than just a study session.
There will be a bazaar
with curated products.
And the study session should be open
to both women and men.
How about calling the event
"Mau Hijrah Fest"?
Sounds amazing!
It's a solid idea.
PRESIDING JUDGE
The court grants the plaintiff's claim.
Two, a divorce is issued
by the defendant to the plaintiff.
The hearing is concluded
and officially closed.
Please read it.
Thank God.
-Thank God. Thank you so much.
-You're welcome.
We've arrived at the festival area,
right at the bridge
leading to the Mau Hijrah Festival!
See you don't miss out
on the Mau Hijrah Fest.
Thanks.
Hey.
Have you checked our office setup
next to Icha's cafe?
I have. It looks amazing.
Really? Thank God.
I'm happy to work with you.
I'm glad you like it.
Let me introduce you
to some tenants I know.
Sounds great. Let's go.
This is a favorite.
Barra, Rayhan.
Meet Amira.
Hi, I'm Amira.
Ms. Amira, the founder of Mau Hijrah Fest?
She's one I told you about.
Amel has told me about you guys too.
I heard you have a great fanbase.
Praise be to God.
-Yes, praise be to God.
-Thank God.
Especially after Amel helped us
with her content creation.
That's a given.
But it's true. They first started online,
then branched out to offline,
and now they're coming to Mau Hijrah Fest.
Thank God.
I hope that joining us here
will lead to something positive.
-Amen.
We appreciate you providing us this space.
We should get going.
Shall we see the other tenants?
-Sure.
-Okay.
See you.
I'll be back.
She's pretty.
Right.
Which one?
Which one what?
-What?
-Get back to work.
The guests are coming.
Peace be upon you.
And upon you peace.
How was your day?
-It went smoothly.
-That's great.
Here, I got you
your favorite banana bread, Mom.
Praise be to God.
But savor it. Don't finish it right away.
-What, worried I'll gain weight?
-No.
-I made you tea.
-Thanks, Mom.
Mom.
There's…
something I want to tell you.
-Come.
-Yes.
Listen.
About my arranged marriage with Amel…
I would like to pray istikhara first.
Istikhara…
is for people facing difficult choices
or dilemmas.
Do you feel that way?
Mom,
marriage is a form of worship,
ideally a once-in-a-lifetime thing.
So I really want
to seek guidance from Allah.
I want what's best for you.
But keep in mind,
your arranged marriage with Amel
was your father's last wish.
I also think Amel
is the right match for you.
You've known each other since childhood.
Makes it easier to adjust.
Okay, thank you.
Praise God.
Well, then, my righteous
and virtuous besties, let's welcome
the founder of Mau Hijrah Fest,
Ms. Amira Khadijah!
Thanks.
Peace be upon you,
and God's mercy and blessings.
And upon you peace,
God's mercy and blessings.
Thanks to Allah, we're able
to gather here today, safe and sound.
My team at Mau Hijrah Fest and I believe
everyone needs a supportive community.
As…
someone who has experienced
despair myself,
and found new life through a community,
I really hope
this space provides safety and comfort
for everyone to open up.
-Amen.
-In God's name,
with this, Mau Hijrah Fest
is officially open.
Amira.
Yes, Barra?
-Busy day today?
-Praise God, it was.
Praise God.
Rayhan had to leave early
to check the stock
in the warehouse for tomorrow.
I hope your business stays busy
all the way through.
Amen, God willing.
You know, you amaze me.
-What?
-Yes.
Your opening speech moved me.
I admire how
you used your own experience
to help others reflect.
It shows that you care about others.
I can't go into much detail,
but someone once told me
that Allah wants me to keep going.
Since then, I realized that everyone
has their own struggles.
Having a space to share or open up
might make it easier to keep going.
I've always dreamed of going to Baitullah
with my lawful partner one day.
But what I want to ask is,
what should we do
when we can't find a partner
who shares the same vision and goals?
Our soulmate is a divine secret.
Remember, what we think is good for us
may not be good in Allah's eyes,
but what is good in Allah's eyes,
is always the best option for us.
Always have faith
in what Allah has given us.
Always strive to improve ourselves,
to be a virtuous man or woman,
and God willing,
he will grant us a virtuous partner.
-Amen.
-Amen, praise God.
Thank you, Ustadz.
Thank you.
Praise God.
Peace be upon you, Barra.
And upon you peace.
-Is it a bad time?
-No. Why?
-Did you eat?
-Not yet.u7
Perfect, I brought you lunch.
You didn't have to.
No trouble at all. It's a viral dish,
so I made it for you.
You must try it.
Must be nice having someone who cares
and makes you lunch.
I wish I had that too.
Come on, look how much there is.
We can share.
Yeah, I made a lot. We can eat together.
-You sure?
-Of course. Let's eat over there.
If you insist.
But the customers…
Never refuse sustenance.
Who's gonna watch the store?
I made this viral dish. Here.
There's also extra.
Can you help me with something?
-What is it?
-Well…
Barra.
-Hi, Amira.
-Where's Amel?
She left.
What?
Amel's got a last-minute meeting
with a brand,
so she can't accompany you.
She asked me to take you there.
It's okay, I'll get a taxi.
No need, I can give you a ride.
-You shouldn't.
-I insist.
Besides, I've loaded everything
in the car.
So…
Gosh.
Don't worry about it. I'll drive you.
Let's go.
Sorry about this.
No problem.
Excuse me.
Is donating to this orphanage
part of the festival program?
Not really.
But it would be cool
to include it in the program.
It would be.
Peace be upon you.
And upon you peace.
Hi. Oh my God.
Where should I put this?
Over there is fine.
Wanna play?
Bye.
How exciting.
You've got someone to take you around now?
Don't make it awkward.
You blushed.
Are you guys getting dinner?
Yeah. We can eat here, right?
Sure.
I have to leave now.
My ride is here.
What, why?
It's nothing, enjoy your time together.
Peace be upon you.
Icha.
-And upon you peace.
-Icha.
Here you go.
Thank you.
Wow.
You're an only child?
Yeah.
My dad
passed away two years ago.
So now it's just me and my mom.
Me too.
My dad passed away when I was seven,
and my mom just recently passed away,
seven months ago.
We belong to Allah
and to him we shall return.
My condolences.
Thanks.
-Ms. Amira.
-Yes?
I drew this for you.
Thank you. Bye-bye.
Thank you.
That's cute.
It's their token of appreciation.
It's something I always wanted.
What is?
To become a mother.
Praise God.
Today, you've been like a mother,
a big sister and a friend to them.
Something to be thankful for.
This is for you too, actually.
THANK YOU FOR BEING OUR MOTHER
AND FATHER TODAY.
You're right.
What about Icha?
BARRA: Thank you for opening up.
May Allah bring better days
in return for your pain and loss.
Thanks for all your help
and for listening to me.
May Allah reward you.
Wait a minute.
You should eat.
Thanks, I'll take one.
-Want some?
-May I? I thought it was only for Amira.
-No.
-Icha!
Very fragrant.
Did you use deodorant to cook it?
Slowly.
Hot.
Amira.
This is the book
I told you about last night.
TAWAKAL
FULLY SURRENDERING TO ALLAH
Thanks.
Barra.
You and Amira seem to be getting along.
She just lent me a book.
Here, I brought you lunch.
-Another viral recipe?
-Of course.
Good luck with work.
Thank you.
Rayhan.
Keep it up.
Two options, huh?
Just pick one.
I'll take the other.
You're just after the food, aren't you?
You know me so well.
Save some for me.
I've got the photos from yesterday.
You can use them as samples
for your program.
Pick the ones you want to share
on social media first.
Sure, I'll choose them.
-Here you go.
-Okay.
-So many photos!
-Take your time.
In the meantime, I'll go over the rundown.
-Excuse me.
-Yes?
Icha, there's a complaint from a tenant.
Can you come with me?
-Okay. Mel, I'll leave you to it.
-Let me know what you need.
-Yeah, thanks.
-Keep me posted.
-Where?
-Over there.
Amira.
You ignored my texts and calls,
so I had to come here.
Our relationship is over.
I miss you.
I can't find peace in life without you.
-My life is a mess. You know I can't--
-You ruined your own life.
Just when I've finally
got my life together,
you show up trying to ruin it again?
There's nothing between us now, Pram.
Please leave
while I'm still asking nicely.
I know I was wrong,
and I'm sorry, Amira.
But we all have sins.
I've sinned, so have you.
Remember this,
abortion
is one of the major sins.
Remember that!
I had a miscarriage.
I lost the baby
I had been waiting for,
for over five years
because of what you did.
Don't ever come back.
If you just want to hurt me,
I won't forgive you.
My God.
Peace be upon you.
And upon you peace.
Come in, Mel.
Hi, Aunty.
Aunty.
Praise God, Allah granted my prayer.
What prayer?
Remember when I told you
I really wanted to take
prewedding photos at Baitullah?
Yes, and?
Praise God, I just got a job there!
That's great.
We can take the prewedding photos there.
Have you talked to Barra?
Not yet.
There's still time to plan it out.
Sit down. Barra!
-Is he awake?
-More viral food?
-Yeah.
-I woke him up.
-These all have unique flavors.
-Smells good.
This one's matcha,
and this one's chocolate.
Amel got you breakfast.
Have you eaten?
I brought you some donuts.
Want some tea?
-No, Aunty.
-You can help yourself.
I'll have a bite.
Make sure you savor it.
You didn't tell me Amel was coming over.
Do I have to?
Amel comes here all the time.
I've got a brand job at Sarah's place,
so I thought I'd bring breakfast
for Aunty too.
For me or for him?
Aunty…
Amel, do you need a ride?
Are you offering to take me
to my photoshoot location?
I'd love that.
One, two, wait for it…
Again.
Okay, smile. One, two…
Okay, we'll change set.
Props and makeup, please.
How did I do?
Amazing.
-Let me see.
-Thanks.
What would you like to eat?
-Anything is fine, thanks.
-Okay.
-I'll prepare it.
-All right.
-Thanks for keeping me company.
-You're welcome.
Have lunch with me.
Sure… but…
Can we talk before that?
Okay.
-Where?
-Here is fine.
-Here?
-Yeah. Wait.
Sit down.
What do you want to talk about?
Listen, Mel.
It's about our arranged marriage.
Yeah?
I need to pray istikhara first.
Are you still unsure?
I've got something on my mind,
but I can't tell you right now.
Besides, marriage is a big deal.
It's only right to think it through.
So…
You okay with it?
Yeah.
It's all right.
God willing, I'll be waiting.
-All good today?
-All good.
Praise God. By the way,
the promotion team is coming tomorrow.
-Okay.
-Thanks.
You're welcome.
Can we talk?
Not here.
What do you want, Pram?
Get back together with me.
Please, I beg you. Come back to me.
Pram.
You made your choice.
We separated peacefully.
Your wife is expecting.
You're finally getting
what you always wanted!
Don't be foolish!
-No, Amira! Please!
-Pram!
Do whatever you want to me.
Slap me if you want.
-Pram! Oh, my God!
-I'm sorry!
-Slap me.
-Pram, that's enough!
-I'm sorry!
-Shameless!
I'm not letting go until you forgive me.
-Amira, I need you!
-Let me go!
-Pram, that's enough!
-Forgive me! I'm sorry!
-Stop it!
-Hey!
Leave!
Who are you?
Who?
Stay out of this.
Pram, stop!
-Oh, my God.
-Stay out of this!
Barra, enough.
You should know
that Amira once lost all hope
and almost ended her life because of you!
And now, after surviving all that,
you want to hurt her again?
You want to be a hero?
You like playing the hero?
You like playing the hero!
-Hey!
-What do you want?
Amira!
Stop!
-Let go!
-Stop!
Let me go!
Are you okay, Amira?
Just watch, Amira!
You won't find happiness without me!
-Wait here.
-You'll always fail!
-Remember that! Let go of me!
-Get him out of here!
Amira.
You should stand your ground!
With this attitude,
he'll keep coming back to you!
Barra.
Just because I shared my story with you,
and just because you saved my life,
doesn't mean you can dictate
how I should behave!
What's wrong?
Mom.
I'm sorry.
I…
can't go through
with the arranged marriage with Amel.
I've fallen in love with another woman.
Her name is Amira.
Amira.
I'm sorry about last night.
-I shouldn't have said that--
-Barra.
I should be the one apologizing.
You… are right.
I should have stood my ground.
I just couldn't accept
what you said last night.
Why didn't you tell me
it was you who saved my life?
I assumed that day
was something you'd want to forget.
If it wasn't for you,
I might not be here today.
Thank you.
For saving me that day.
And for helping me last night.
All right. Just leave it empty.
We'll make an announcement.
-Mel, can you--
-It's done.
I made the announcement.
Take a look in the drive.
Are we done here?
I have to go, something urgent came up.
Peace be upon you.
And upon you peace.
Take care.
What happened?
Late dinner?
I only had time now.
Who are you leaving with today?
By myself. But I didn't bring my car,
so I'll get a taxi.
I can give you a ride.
No, it's fine. I just started eating.
I can wait.
I eat slowly.
I'll still wait.
Please continue.
Enjoy your meal.
So you can eat comfortably.
Barra.
Thank you.
You're welcome.
Amira…
I…
I want to get to know you better.
I'd like to introduce you
to another woman who means a lot to me,
my mother.
I told my mom about you.
She'd like to meet you.
I appreciate it.
I should go inside.
-Peace be upon you.
-And upon you peace.
Let's go.
Peace be upon you.
Barra.
Mom, this is Amira. Amira, this is my mom.
Peace be upon you, I'm Amira.
And upon you peace.
I brought some dessert.
I didn't expect this. Thank you.
Come in.
I made chicken opor,
egg stew and potato fritters.
I hope you like it.
This is what I usually make.
Thank you, Aunty.
And upon you peace, Han.
Can't it wait till tomorrow?
-Fine. I'm on my way.
-I'm opening this.
It's brownies.
Mom, I'm so sorry.
-Rayhan?
-Yeah.
Something came up at the basecamp,
he needs my help.
I'll be right back.
Are you okay, Amira?
Yeah, it's fine.
I'll be quick.
Give me 30 minutes. Peace be upon you.
-And upon you peace.
-And upon you peace. Be careful.
-Aunty, let me help.
-Okay, here.
Marriage is no small thing.
We have to meet the right person.
Sometimes, we think
we've found the right one,
only to realize we were wrong.
Aunty…
I've been married before and had a…
Barra told me.
Actually, before he met you,
Barra's marriage was already arranged.
Both families agreed to this
a long time ago.
However,
he came to me
and told me that he fell in love with you.
He has every right to fall in love.
I have no say in that.
Have a seat, I'll get some more food.
Mel.
-You don't want to talk inside?
-Here's fine.
You want to order a drink?
I'm good. I just had breakfast.
Is there something going on
with you and Barra?
Why the sudden question?
Barra's marriage was already arranged.
With me.
Oh, my God. Mel.
I had no idea.
I knew you two were friends,
but I didn't realize
it was more than that.
We're supposed to be married soon.
We're not dating or engaged,
but we planned to get married.
I didn't realize,
but since he met you,
Barra's been different.
He's unsure about me.
At first I thought it was nothing.
But as time went on,
he's gotten closer to you.
I'm sure you can find a partner.
Just please, not Barra. I beg you.
I understand.
I'm so sorry.
Mel, oh, my God.
I'm sorry. I had no idea.
Please not Barra, anyone else but Barra.
The number you are calling is busy.
Please try…
Pick up, Amira.
POWER OFF
The number you are calling is busy.
Please try…
Hope you like it.
-Are we done?
-Almost.
-After this, we can close up.
-Thank God.
Amira. Amira!
Amira.
Amira, what's going on?
Why are you ignoring me?
Barra!
Give me time.
I don't want to talk to you.
At least tell me,
so I'm not left guessing!
You didn't tell me
about your arrangement with Amel.
You didn't say anything
and left me confused!
Amira, that was…
That arranged marriage
was my parents' wish, not mine!
I didn't know!
It's not my business!
Please.
Stay away from me.
Amira.
Amira!
I never intended to deceive Amira.
I just haven't talked to her about it
because I wanted to resolve my issues.
Intentionally or not,
you've been dishonest
by not resolving your issues
before getting close to someone else.
You know how she is.
You know what she's been through.
What you're doing is only scaring her,
and causing her to question her worth
and if she deserves happiness.
-Amira.
-Barra.
I'm not someone who falls in love easily.
But I admit,
your brief presence made me feel wanted.
That feeling means a lot to me.
I've decided that,
for now, I don't want to be
in a relationship with anyone.
I want to find peace
and work on my own happiness.
Amel is a good woman.
Please think it over.
Thank you for your help.
I'm sorry.
Peace be upon you, Barra.
What you think is good for you
may not be good in Allah's eyes.
Was I always
walking so close to the edge
without even noticing?
Is that why I keep falling?
If so,
please give me the strength and patience
to keep rising to my feet.
Don't let me fall any further.
Barra, look.
-Do you think this is enough?
-Peace be upon you.
Yes, hello?
Say that again.
-He's busy.
-Right.
Please watch over my home.
Of course, I'll drop by often.
Sir.
Take care.
Let me know if anything happens.
Yeah. Let me know when you reach.
Let me put the suitcase in.
Amel,
be careful over there.
No matter what happens,
you'll always be my daughter.
-Peace be upon you.
-And upon you peace.
Take care.
Let's go.
Let's visit Baitullah.
I wish to go back there.
I miss Baitullah.
Here I am, O Allah.
Here I am.
You have no partner.
All praise, grace
and sovereignty belong to you.
You have no partner.
Glory be to Allah.
And praise be to Allah.
There is no God but Allah.
God is most great.
Our Lord, give us
good in this world
and good in the hereafter
and save us
from the punishment of the fire.
Every believer
will always miss their creator.
Especially in moments when they feel lost
and distant.
Perhaps
your longing for Allah right now
could be his way
to help you love yourself more.
Allah will never
abandon his believer.
You've hurt me.
Did you think
when you brought that woman here?
Did you think about my feelings?
I want a divorce.
I'm so sorry,
but you've just had a miscarriage.
Why, Allah?
Why?
I accept your will, Allah.
I accept Your will.
At the Kaaba, every prayer is granted.
Barra, you've been
to this place before, right?
Barra, have you been here?
Where are we going after this?
Barra?
Barra, smile.
Smile. Cut.
-That's it? Smile wide.
-I'm done.
-That's it?
-I'm tired.
-Really?
-Yeah.
Barra,
our date isn't over yet.
You want to call it a day?
But we did so much today.
It's enough.
But I've prepared everything.
Everyone's waiting for us.
Do you…
actually want to marry me?
What's with that question?
It feels like you're distant.
Are you still thinking about Amira?
Amel…
to be honest…
I was trying to forget Amira…
and commit to being with you.
But I'm sorry, Amel.
I can't.
We grew up together.
And all this time,
you've always been good to me.
You never once let me down.
But once again, I'm sorry.
I'm the one who let you down.
We've travelled all this way…
just for you to say
you don't want to be with me?
Maybe it's true
that there's nothing
we can hide in Baitullah.
If we keep pushing this,
I'm afraid you won't be happy with me.
I'll only end up hurting you more.
Barra…
I love you.
But by God's will, I've made my peace.
Amira is here.
Please tell her
that you still haven't forgotten her.
Our relationship is over.
Peace be upon you.
And upon you peace
and God's mercy and blessings.
-Peace be upon you.
-Upon you peace, Barra.
Icha, is Amira in Mecca?
Yes, she wanted to put her mind at ease.
Where can I find her?
If you're just going
to make her sad, don't bother.
Amira.
Glory be to Allah.
I…
Amel and I are over.
I'm sorry.
today, in this holy land,
in Baitullah,
let me be a part of your journey.
To cherish
and protect you.
To be your partner
both in this world and Allah's paradise.
Amira Khadijah,
will you…
be my wife?
What's your answer?
Yes, I will be your wife.